happy birthday houses I got you your
juicing surfaces I was in your foot ah
daddy hi my name is Jeff :
today I'm going to be teaching you how
to make tender kale in under three
minutes I mean cool
hi Aileen are you ready to make hell
yeah finish step 1
get a bowl step to rip the Keeley's into
the bowl
[Music]
one really cool tip you can do is just
grab the stem right here and put your
other thumb right on the statin I just
push alright and the Leafs just comes
right off like that come on work it work
it
okay I'm going to tell you a chef glow
stick right here the secret to making
tender kale is to massage the kale put
some water into the bucket then massage
the kale use all your strength this is
supposed to be has a deep tissue massage
for the kale okay you're breaking down
the fibers and you're trying to make it
ended harder harder then I'm massaging
it you're bathing the kill you're not
massaging the kale obviously she doesn't
live so I'm going to show you how to
properly replace the kale come alright
good
dig your hands in there and then break
it down what you're trying to do is
break down the fibers so the kale
becomes tender also in the process
you're washing the kale to use all your
strength this is one of the main reasons
why I workout actually so I can have the
energy to massage my kale after you're
Caltrain deep green pour out the water
add some salt me so on TW pan I just
entirely want to season your kale but
for me I'm shiny so I like to put some
chili peppers and salt but you can use
whatever you want mom as well give me
these peppers and they're really good
[Music]
now you going to put the kale into the
pan stir you know be a great idea
awesome jack
[Music]
all right Eileen this one last step what
these look ah daddy last step sprinkle
some nuts onto your tail just to add
extra texture
all right the kale is ready this is her
first time ever eating kale look at it
this will be the most tender kale you've
ever tasted how was it how was it okay
good just good I'm good
I don't like vegetables so this is my
bad all right and that was how to make
kale in under three minutes
stay tuned for more cooking tutorials by
chef will the making kale is massage the
kale